Update tracing documentation to include better step-by-step guide (#97996)
elastic/elasticsearch: TRACING.md

the APM agent, the Security Manager permissions required make this essentially
impossible.

## How is tracing configured?

You must supply configuration and credentials for the APM server (see below).
In your `elasticsearch.yml` add the following configuration:

```
tracing.apm.enabled: true
tracing.apm.agent.server_url: https://<your-apm-server>:443
```

> When using an API key or secret token you need to add it to the Elasticsearch Keystore with the token `tracing.apm.agent.secret_token`. The keystore tool should be in `bin/elasticsearch-keystore`. Doing `bin/elasticsearch-keystore add tracing.apm.agent.secret_token` and then entering the token is enough. Using API keys, you need to change this to `tracing.apm.agent.api_key`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using a secret token to authenticate with the APM server, you must add it to the Elasticsearch keystore under `tracing.apm.secret_token`. For example, execute:

    bin/elasticsearch-keystore add tracing.apm.secret_token

then enter the token when prompted. If you are using API keys, change the keystore key name to `tracing.apm.api_key`.
```
